Docs: correct a typo in contributing.md (#3393)
deepmodeling/abacus-develop: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

    ```
    ./cell_unitcell_test
    ```

>     in the director of `build/source/module_cell/test` to run the test `cell_unitcell_test`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    under the directory of `build/source/module_cell/test` to run the test `cell_unitcell_test`.  
```
